[CUBRIDMAN-34] Add a description of the spec that cubrid server and javasp refer to service::server if db_name is omitted (#257)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/admin/control.rst

*   restart: restart a database server process.
*   status: check status of a database server process. 

| Every command can have a database name (**[database_name]**) as an argument to specify the database to execute the command.

> | If the database name is not specified in the **status** command, names of currently running database servers are displayed. see :ref:`control-cubrid-server-status`.  

Reviewer: Would it be better if it changes as following? might make the sentence more clear. 

```suggestion
| If the database name is not specified in the **status** command, the currently running database servers' names are displayed. see :ref:`control-cubrid-server-status`.  
```

Author: Thank you
